.TH SNAPRECON 1 "March 2026" "Snap-Recon 1.0" "Snap-Recon Manual"
.SH NAME
snaprecon \- Rapid Professional Reconnaissance Framework
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B snaprecon
[\fIOPTIONS\fR] \fB-d\fR \fIDOMAIN\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B snaprecon
is a high-performance modular CLI reconnaissance framework for ethical security testing and bug bounty hunting. It automates domain intelligence gathering, subdomain discovery, port scanning, and vulnerability assessment.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-domain\fR \fIDOMAIN\fR
Target domain to perform reconnaissance on (e.g., example.com).
.TP
\fB\-\-all\fR
Run all available modules against the target.
.TP
\fB\-\-whois\fR
Perform a WHOIS lookup to identify domain registration details.
.TP
\fB\-\-dns\fR
Enumerate standard DNS records (A, AAAA, MX, NS, TXT).
.TP
\fB\-\-subdomains\fR
Discover subdomains using active resolving and multi-threading.
.TP
\fB\-\-ports\fR
Scan for common open ports and attempt service banner grabbing.
.TP
\fB\-\-tech\fR
Detect server-side technologies and web server versions.
.TP
\fB\-\-headers\fR
Inspect HTTP security headers for common misconfigurations.
.TP
\fB\-\-dirs\fR
Perform directory and file brute-forcing to discover hidden content.
.TP
\fB\-w\fR, \fB\-\-wordlist\fR \fIFILE\fR
Path to a custom wordlist for subdomains and directory discovery.
.TP
\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-threads\fR \fINUMBER\fR
Set the number of concurrent threads (default: 10).
.TP
\fB\-\-download-wordlist\fR
Download a professional expert wordlist from the SecLists repository.
.SH EXAMPLES
.B snaprecon -d google.com --all
.br
Runs all reconnaissance modules against google.com.
.PP
.B snaprecon -d example.com --subdomains --ports -t 50
.br
Performs subdomain discovery and port scanning with 50 threads.
.SH AUTHOR
Developed by syn9 (GitHub: ashwyni-mishra).
.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report bugs at https://github.com/ashwyni-mishra/snap-recon/issues.
